debug: mention the memory limitation for Fedora (#317)
flatcar-linux/flatcar-docs: docs/setup/debug/install-debugging-tools.md

/usr/bin/toolbox
```

> _NOTE_: For Fedora, it's recommended to use at least 2048MB to avoid the following `dnf` operation being killed by the OOM manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_NOTE_: For Fedora, it's recommended to use at least 2048 MB RAM to avoid the following `dnf` operation being killed by the OOM manager.
```
